good day boys today I love you
share this tomahawk that I made has
order I finished it in the middle of the
last week but the truth up
right now I had a chance to
record the video
It was made to order for a very good
friend I tell you the characteristics and
the total length of the rope as we can
see exceeds 30 centimeters has 33
centimeters long is made in
oak wood
dyed with color wood ink
perfect low clear
the blade is made of a steel bar
one inch by one inch
its dimensions of work already
finished are in the cutting part
they have what are 7 centimeters long
It has 19 centimeters in total and it was
forged entirely by hand is a leaf
very robust is a replica of
a tomahawk used by soldiers
of the USA in the Vietnam war the
client asked us with some
details of ford brut and well that's it
how was it
as I comment here you can appreciate what
robust of the
the structure of the tomahawk
and then, of course, how the form should be
plastic of the tomahawk rode on the
which is from highest to lowest towards the
top is impossible to come out and
down is so simple that enough
some hits here
in this way to generate that fall
we are going to give you an approach to give
a little more in detail
there is a sheet there are the details of
raw forge
the back part
has what is being a tip of
spear
one edge to four tables
and that
let's see it on the other side
sometimes
I forgot to tell them
the piece has a differential temper
is
the one who went forward and the one who was acting
in this kind of good pieces and in the
Knives in general is recommended
make a differential temple
lets go see it
more in detail
for example, all this bad
there is the spearhead
with us
or the bevel of us we are better
saying
and well, here is the piece its cover
because as always it was made in stick
first quality totally by hand
it is dyed
abroad is also illustrated with
wax and then sealed this new
kitchen was with rivets
and a pin to hold it
and this one
and on the back it carries its prey
to be able to ride to what is coming
being him
good guys I hope you liked it
the piece as simple as always sorry
my intention is to share a little
my job
Well here is a sheet
I hope you like it
greetings to all
until new boys